My name is Percy Jackson.
Until a few months ago, I was a boarding student at Yancy Academy, a private school for troubled kids in upstate New York.
But Mr. Brunner, our Latin teacher, was leading this trip, so I had hopes.
Mr. Brunner was this middle-aged guy in a motorized wheelchair. 
Mr. Brunner had thinning hair and a scruffy beard and a frayed tweed jacket, which always smelled like coffee. 
You wouldn't think Mr. Brunner would be cool, but Mr. Brunner told stories and jokes and let us play games in class. 
I hoped the trip would be okay. 
At least, I hoped that for once I wouldn't get in trouble.
See, bad things happen to me on field trips. 
Like at my fifth-grade school, when we went to the Saratoga battlefield, I had this accident with a Revolutionary War cannon. 
I wasn't aiming for the school bus, but of course I got expelled anyway. 
At my fourth-grade school, when we took a behind-the-scenes tour of the Marine World shark pool, I sort of hit the wrong lever on the catwalk and our class took an unplanned swim. 
Well, you get the idea.
This trip, I was determined to be good.
All the way into the city, I put up with Nancy Bobofit, the freckly red-headed kleptomaniac girl, hitting my best friend, Grover.
Grover was an easy target. 
He was scrawny. 
He cried when he got frustrated. 
He must've been held back several grades, because he was the only sixth grader with acne and the start of a wispy beard on his chin. 
On top of all that, he was crippled. 
He had a note excusing him from PE for the rest of his life because he had some kind of muscular disease in his legs. 
He walked funny, like every step hurt him, but don't let that fool you. 
You should've seen him run when it was enchilada day in the cafeteria.
Anyway, Nancy Bobofit was throwing wads of sandwich that stuck in his curly brown hair.
Nancy knew I couldn't do anything back to her because I was already on probation.
Mr. Brunner led the museum tour.
Mr. Brunner rode up front in his wheelchair.
Mr. Brunner guides us through the big echoey galleries, past marble statues and glass cases full of really old black-and-orange pottery.
It blew my mind that this stuff had survived for two thousand, three thousand years.
Mr. Brunner gathered us around a four-metre-tall stone column with a big sphinx on the top.
Mr. Brunner started telling us how it was a grave marker, a stele, for a girl about our age. 
Mr. Brunner told us about the carvings on the sides. 
I was trying to listen to what he had to say, because it was kind of interesting.
My face was totally red. 
Every time I told them to shut up, the other teacher chaperone, Mrs. Dodds, would give me the evil eye.
Mrs. Dodds was this little maths teacher from Georgia who always wore a black leather jacket, even though she was fifty years old. 
She looked mean enough to ride a Harley right into your locker.
She had come to Yancy halfway through the year, when our last maths teacher had a nervous breakdown.
From her first day, Mrs. Dodds loved Nancy Bobofit and figured I was devil spawn. 
I knew I was going to get afterschool detention for a month.
I told Grover I think Mrs. Dodds was not human. 
He looked at me real serious and said, 'You are absolutely right.'
Mr. Brunner kept talking about Greek funeral art.
Mr. Brunner stopped his story.
Mr. Brunner pointed to one of the pictures on the stele.
I looked at the carving, and felt a flush of relief, because I actually recognized it.
Kronos was the king of Titans.
Mr. Brunner had radar ears.
Mr. Brunner looked disappointed.
Zeus did indeed feed Kronos a mixture of mustard and wine.
The gods defeated their father, sliced him to pieces with his own scythe, and scattered his remains in Tartarus, the darkest part of the Underworld.
I wanted to get angry, Mr. Brunner pushed me so hard.
I mumbled something about trying harder.
Grover and I sat on the edge of the fountain, away from the others. 
I watched the stream of cabs going down Fifth Avenue, and thought about my mom's apartment.
Mr. Brunner parked his wheelchair at the base of the handicapped ramp. 
He ate celery while he read a paperback novel. 
A red umbrella stuck up from the back of his chair, making it look like a motorized cafe table.
I was about to unwrap my sandwich when Nancy Bobofit appeared in front of me with her ugly friends.
All I knew was that I was in trouble again.
I stared at him, stunned. 
Mrs. Dodds scared Grover to death.
She glared at him so hard his whiskery chin trembled.
Mrs. Dodds stood with her arms crossed in front of a big marble frieze of the Greek gods.
She was making this weird noise in her throat, like growling.
I did the safe thing.
She tugged on the cuffs of her leather jacket.
The look in her eyes was beyond mad. 
The look was evil.
Thunder shook the building.
Mr. Brunner, who had been out in front of the museum a minute before, wheeled his chair into the doorway of the gallery.
Mrs. Dodds lunged at me.
Mrs. Dodds spun towards me with a murderous look in her eyes.
My knees were jelly. 
My hands were shaking so bad I almost dropped the sword.
Mrs. Dodds was a sand castle in a power fan. 
She exploded into yellow powder and vaporized on the spot.
I was alone.
There was a ballpoint pen in my hand.
Nobody was there but me.
My hands were still trembling. 
My lunch must've been contaminated with magic mushrooms or something.
Had I imagined the whole thing?
I went back outside.
I hope Mrs. Kerr whipped your butt.
Grover was sitting by the fountain, a museum map tented over his head.
Nancy Bobofit was soaked from her swim in the fountain, grumbling to her ugly friends.
Thunder boomed overhead.
I was used to the occasional weird experience, but usually they were over quickly.
Something had happened at the museum.
At night, visions of Mrs. Dodds with talons and leathery wings would wake me up in a cold sweat.
I started feeling cranky and irritable most of the time. 
My grades slipped from Ds to Fs. 
I got into more fights with Nancy Bobofit and her friends. 
I was sent out into the hallway in almost every class.
I was homesick.
I remembered Mr. Brunner's serious expression.
I walked downstairs to the faculty offices. 
Most faculty offices were dark and empty.
The mythology book dropped out of my hand and hit the floor with a thud.