My name,is,Percy Jackson
I,was boarding student at,school;I,was student at,school for troubled kids in upstate New York;I,was student at,school for kids in New York;I,was boarding student Until,Until months;I,was student at,school for kids in upstate New York;I,was boarding student at,school for troubled kids in New York;I,was,boarding student;I,was,Until few months ago boarding student at Yancy Academy;I,was,Until months ago student at Yancy Academy;Yancy Academy,school for,troubled kids in upstate New York;I,was boarding student Until,Until few months;I,was boarding student at,school for troubled kids in upstate New York;I,was boarding student at,Yancy Academy;I,was student at,school for kids;I,was,boarding;I,was student at,private school for troubled kids in New York;I,was,Until months ago boarding student at Yancy Academy;I,was student at,private school for troubled kids in upstate New York;I,was,Until few months ago student at Yancy Academy;I,was boarding student at,school for troubled kids;I,was student Until,Until months;I,was boarding student at,private school;I,was boarding student at,school for kids in upstate New York;I,was boarding student at,private school for kids in upstate New York;I,was boarding student at,private school for kids;I,was boarding student at,school for kids in New York;I,was,student;I,was student at,Yancy Academy;I,was student Until,Until few months;I,was student at,private school for kids in upstate New York;I,was student at,school for troubled kids;I,was boarding student at,private school for troubled kids;I,was student at,private school for kids in New York;I,was boarding student at,private school for kids in New York;I,was student at,private school;troubled kids,is in,upstate New York;I,was student at,school;I,was boarding student at,school for kids;I,was student at,private school for kids;I,was boarding student at,private school for troubled kids in upstate New York;I,was student at,school for troubled kids in New York;I,was student at,private school for troubled kids;I,was boarding student at,private school for troubled kids in New York
Mr. Brunner,was leading,trip;I,had,hopes
Mr. Brunner,was,middle-aged guy;Mr. Brunner,was middle-aged guy in,wheelchair;Mr. Brunner,was middle-aged guy in,motorized wheelchair;Mr. Brunner,was guy in,wheelchair;Mr. Brunner,was,guy;Mr. Brunner,was guy in,motorized wheelchair;middle-aged guy,is in,motorized wheelchair
Mr. Brunner,had,thinning hair;Mr. Brunner,had,beard;Mr. Brunner,had,hair;Mr. Brunner,had,scruffy beard

trip,be,okay

things,happen on,field trips;things,happen to,me;bad things,happen on,field trips;bad things,happen to,me
I,had accident Like,Like my fifth-grade school;we,went to,Saratoga battlefield;I,had,accident;I,had accident with,Revolutionary War cannon

I,sort of,hit lever;I,sort of,wrong lever on catwalk;I,sort At,my fourth-grade school;I,sort of,wrong lever;I,sort of,hit wrong lever on catwalk;we,tour of,Marine World shark pool;we,behind-the-scenes tour of,Marine World shark pool;I,sort of,lever on catwalk;I,sort of,lever;I,sort of,hit wrong lever;we,took,behind-the-scenes tour;we,took,tour;we,took,tour of Marine World shark pool;I,sort of,hit lever on catwalk;I,sort At,my school;we,took,behind-the-scenes tour of Marine World shark pool
you,Well get,idea;you,get,idea
I,was,determined;I,was determined at_time,trip;I,was determined,good
I,hitting,my best friend;I,hitting,Grover;I,hitting,my friend;my,friend,Grover
Grover,was,target;Grover,was,easy target;Grover,was,easy
He,was,scrawny
he,got,frustrated
he,was,only sixth grader;he,was,only grader;he,was only grader with,acne;he,was grader with,acne;he,was sixth grader with,acne;he,was only sixth grader with,acne;he,was,grader;only sixth grader,is with,acne;he,was,sixth grader
he,was,crippled
he,kind of,muscular disease;he,had kind in,his legs;he,kind of,disease;he,had,kind of disease;he,had,kind of muscular disease;he,had,kind;He,had,note

it,was,when enchilada day;it,was,when day in cafeteria;it,was,when enchilada day in cafeteria;enchilada day,is in,cafeteria;it,was enchilada day in,cafeteria;it,was,enchilada day;it,was,when day;it,was day in,cafeteria;it,was,day
Nancy Bobofit,was throwing,wads;Nancy Bobofit,Anyway was throwing,wads of sandwich;Nancy Bobofit,Anyway was throwing,wads;Nancy Bobofit,was throwing,wads of sandwich

Mr. Brunner,led,museum tour
Mr. Brunner,rode up front in,his wheelchair;Mr. Brunner,rode up,front;Mr. Brunner,rode up in,his wheelchair
Mr. Brunner,guides,us
It,blew,my mind;stuff,survived for,three thousand years
Mr. Brunner,gathered,us;four-metre-tall stone column,is with,big sphinx on top
it,was,how grave marker for girl about our age;it,was,how marker for girl;it,was,how grave marker for girl;it,was,how marker for girl about our age;it,was,how grave marker;it,was,marker;it,was grave marker for,girl about our age;it,was,how marker;Mr. Brunner,telling,us;it,was grave marker for,girl;girl,for marker is,stele;it,was marker for,girl about our age;it,was,grave;it,was,grave marker;it,was marker for,girl
Mr. Brunner,told,us
it,was,kind;it,was kind of,interesting;I,was trying,kind of interesting;I,was trying,listen;I,was trying,kind
My face,was,totally red;My face,was,red

Mrs. Dodds,was,maths teacher;she,even was old,fifty years;Mrs. Dodds,was,maths teacher from Georgia;she,was,old;Mrs. Dodds,was,little maths teacher from Georgia;Mrs. Dodds,was,little maths teacher;she,was,even old;she,was old,fifty years
She,looked,mean
our last maths teacher,had,breakdown;She,had come to,Yancy;She,had come halfway to,Yancy;She,had come halfway through,year;She,had come through,year;our maths teacher,had,breakdown;our maths teacher,had,nervous breakdown;our last maths teacher,had,nervous breakdown
Mrs. Dodds,loved Nancy Bobofit From,her day;Mrs. Dodds,loved Nancy Bobofit From,her first day;Mrs. Dodds,loved,Nancy Bobofit
I,get detention for,month;I,get,detention;I,get,afterschool detention
I,told,Grover
He,looked,real serious;He,looked,serious;He,looked at,me
Mr. Brunner,talking about,funeral art;Mr. Brunner,talking about,art;Mr. Brunner,kept,talking about Greek funeral art;Mr. Brunner,kept,talking about funeral art;Mr. Brunner,talking about,Greek funeral art;Mr. Brunner,talking about,Greek art;Mr. Brunner,kept,talking about art;Mr. Brunner,kept,talking about Greek art;Mr. Brunner,kept,talking
Mr. Brunner,stopped,his story

I,looked at,carving;I,felt,flush;I,felt,flush of relief;felt,flush of,relief;I,actually recognized,it;I,recognized,it
Kronos,was,king;Kronos,was king of,Titans
Mr. Brunner,had,radar ears
Mr. Brunner,looked,disappointed
Zeus,did indeed feed,Kronos mixture of mustard;Zeus,did feed,Kronos mixture of mustard;Zeus,did indeed feed,Kronos mixture;Zeus,did feed,Kronos mixture
gods,scattered,his remains;pieces,is with,his own scythe;his remains,is in,Tartarus;gods,sliced,him;Tartarus,part of,Underworld;gods,defeated,their father;gods,scattered,his remains in Tartarus
I,wanted,get;Mr. Brunner,pushed so hard,me;I,get,angry;Mr. Brunner,pushed,me;Mr. Brunner,pushed hard,me
I,mumbled,something trying
I,sat away from,others;Grover,sat on,edge of fountain;I,sat on,edge;I,sat on,edge of fountain;Grover,sat on,edge;Grover,sat away from,others
mom,about,apartment;I,watched,stream;I,watched,stream of cabs going down Avenue;I,watched,stream of cabs;I,watched,stream of cabs going;I,thought about,my mom 's apartment;I,watched,stream of cabs going down Fifth Avenue
Mr. Brunner,parked,his wheelchair
he,read,paperback novel;He,ate,celery
red umbrella,stuck up from,back of his chair;it,look like,motorized cafe table;umbrella,stuck up,making;umbrella,stuck up from,back;it,look like,cafe table;red umbrella,stuck up from,back;umbrella,stuck up from,back of his chair;red umbrella,stuck up,making
Nancy Bobofit,appeared with,her friends;I,unwrap,my sandwich;Nancy Bobofit,appeared with,her ugly friends;Nancy Bobofit,appeared in front of,me
I,was in,trouble again;I,was in,trouble
I,stared at,him
Mrs. Dodds,scared,Grover;Mrs. Dodds,scared Grover to,death
She,glared at,him;She,glared so hard at,him;She,glared hard at,him
Mrs. Dodds,stood with,her arms
She,was making,weird noise in her throat growling;She,was making,noise growling;weird noise,is in,her throat;She,was making,weird noise growling;She,was making,noise in her throat growling
I,did,thing;I,did,safe thing
She,tugged on,cuffs of her leather jacket;She,tugged on,cuffs
look,was beyond,mad;look,is in,her eyes
look,was,evil
Thunder,shook,building
Mr. Brunner,wheeled,his chair
Mrs. Dodds,lunged at,me
Mrs. Dodds,spun with,murderous look in her eyes;Mrs. Dodds,spun with,murderous look;Mrs. Dodds,spun with,look in her eyes;Mrs. Dodds,spun with,look;Mrs. Dodds,spun towards,me;murderous look,is in,her eyes
My knees,were,jelly
I,dropped,sword;I,almost dropped,sword;My hands,were shaking,bad;My hands,were shaking,so bad
Mrs. Dodds,was,sand castle;Mrs. Dodds,was,sand castle in power fan;sand castle,is in,power fan
She,exploded into,yellow powder;She,vaporized on,spot;She,exploded into,powder
I,was,alone
pen,was in,my hand;ballpoint pen,was in,my hand


My lunch,must,must 've contaminated;My lunch,must,must 've contaminated with mushrooms;My lunch,must,must 've contaminated with magic mushrooms
I,Had imagined,thing;I,Had imagined,whole thing

Mrs. Kerr,whipped,your butt
Grover,was sitting by,fountain;Grover,was sitting by,museum map tented;Grover,was sitting by,museum map tented over his head;museum map,tented over,his head;Grover,was sitting by,museum map
Nancy Bobofit,was,soaked;Nancy Bobofit,grumbling to,her ugly friends;Nancy Bobofit,grumbling to,her friends;Nancy Bobofit,was soaked,grumbling;Nancy Bobofit,was soaked,grumbling to her friends;Nancy Bobofit,was soaked from,her swim;Nancy Bobofit,was soaked,grumbling to her ugly friends;Nancy Bobofit,was soaked from,her swim in fountain
Thunder,boomed,overhead

Something,had happened at,museum
visions,would wake up,me;visions,is with,talons
I,started,feeling;I,feeling,cranky;I,feeling,cranky of time
My grades,slipped from,Ds;My grades,slipped to,Fs
more fights,is with,Nancy Bobofit
I,was sent out in,almost class;I,was sent out in,class
I,was,homesick
Mr. Brunner,has,serious expression;I,remembered,Mr. Brunner 's expression;I,remembered,Mr. Brunner 's serious expression
I,walked downstairs to,faculty offices;I,walked to,faculty offices;I,walked,downstairs
Most faculty offices,were,dark;faculty offices,were,dark
mythology book,hit floor with,thud;mythology book,hit,floor;mythology book,dropped out of,my hand
